Command for generating the public id (#1486)
input-output-hk/jormungandr: doc/configuration/network.md

This is needed to advertise your node as a trusted peer.
If not set, the node will generate a random ID, which is fine for a regular user.

> You can generate a public id using the command: openssl rand -hex 24

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can generate a public id with **openssl**, for example: `openssl rand -hex 24`
```
